DOCS-4046: Clarify module visibility (#4374)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/operate/get-started/other-hardware/manage-modules.md

   - **Public**: Any user inside or outside of your organization can view, use, and edit the module.
   - **Unlisted**: Any user inside or outside of your organization, with a direct link, can view and use the module.
     Only organization members can edit the module.

>      Not listed in the registry for users outside of your organization.

Reviewer: nice

You can also edit the visibility by editing the [meta.json](/operate/get-started/other-hardware/#metajson-reference) file and then running the following [CLI](/dev/tools/cli/#module) command:

```sh {id="terminal-prompt" class="command-line" data-prompt="$"}
viam module update
```

> {{% hiddencontent %}}

Reviewer: Maybe an FAQ/Troubleshooting section at the bottom would be better?

If you're not seeing a private module of yours in the registry, check that you're in the correct organization in the Viam app.

> You can check and switch organizations in the dropdown in the upper right corner of the Viam app.

Author: I just tested the AI on "how do you switch organizations?" and it knows, because of the air quality tutorial :D I'll make a ticket for Naomi to add something to the FAQ on the organizations page if she thinks it's necessary and not too obvious, but I really feel like this page is not the place for it since it's a somewhat more advanced page that should be focused on modules, and I really don't want to lengthen it with this.

> If you're not seeing a private module of yours in the registry, check that you're in the correct organization in the Viam app.
> You can check and switch organizations in the dropdown in the upper right corner of the Viam app.

Author: How about I make this more concise while addressing most of your suggestions?
"You're not seeing" isn't technically passive voice, though it does sound more informal. However I fear "does not appear" has a slight connotation of the thing not actually being in the registry at all, i.e. there was an upload problem, so how about this:
```suggestion
If you don't see a private module of yours in the registry, make sure that you have the correct organization selected in the upper right corner of the page.
```

> You can check and switch organizations in the dropdown in the upper right corner of the Viam app.

Reviewer 2: 🤦 sorry, you are very correct about passive voice there. but present continuous is clunky enough that i think "don't see" is an improvement. nice improvement!

> You can check and switch organizations in the dropdown in the upper right corner of the Viam app.

Author: Ah that's what it's called--TIL and yes I shouldn't use it even if it's not technically passive. TY :D
